DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with
him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and
transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands
and the stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
[\u266a]
DAN: Take us to the BT System, please.
ROBOT DRIVER: Sorry, you do not have the correct
authorization for that destination.
MIRA: Here, let me try something.
DAN: Okay. To the BT System and step on it.
ROBOT DRIVER: Buckle up 'cuz...
ROBOT DRIVER: ...here we... ...GOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
DAN/ACE/BARON/MIRA/MARUCHO: [screaming]
DAN: Oh yeah! Look at this baby, go!
[\u266a]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Ambush.
DAN: Okay, not much further!
ACE: I can't wait to smash the BT System.
BARON: You and me both!
DRAGO: This is odd.
DAN: Huh?
SHUN: Mmmhmm. It's too quiet.
MIRA: It's true. We've been zooming around for a while
and we haven't seen even a hint of the Vexos anywhere.
MIRA: [gasp] Oh no!
SHUN: That's why we haven't seen anyone!
DAN: It's an ambush
ACE: We have to bail before they see us!
Get ready to jump!
MARUCHO: At this speed? Are you out of your mind?
We'll be the ones smashed to smithereens!
There's got to be a better way!
Come on guys! Think!
DAN: Calm down, dude!
ACE: It's the only way! Hang on!
MARUCHO: Whah?! Whooooaaahhh!
[grunt, pain]
ACE: [grunt, pain]
SHUN: Come on!
BARON: Whaah? ! I was gonna jump! Ow, my spine!
SHUN: [grunt, pain]
MIRA: They've seen us!
MIRA: C'mon. We have to give the others a head start!
DAN: Mira! What are you doing?
MIRA: I'm gonna plow the car straight into those creeps.
You have to jump and run for it while you still can, Dan.
DAN: And leave you behind? !
MIRA: I'll be fine!
DAN: [gasp]
DAN: Ah! No...We're in this together!
DAN: Whooooaaaa!
DAN: [grunt, exertion]
MIRA: [grunt, exertion]
BARON: Oh no!
ACE: Mira!
MARUCHO: Dan!
DAN: Ow. Are you okay?
DAN: Next time, I drive.
MIRA: Hmmm?
GUARD A: You two! Halt!
MIRA: [gasp] C'mon. We've gotta hurry.
DAN: [gasp]
MIRA: [grunt]
DAN: What the... [grunt]
DAN: Mira! Ruuuuuuuunnnnn!
MARUCHO: Dan!
ACE: Mira!
BARON: Talk to us, guys!
MARUCHO: They're not here!
Maybe they were thrown from the car!
SHUN: Alright, let's go...We've gotta hurry and
find the BT System now that they're on to us.
ACE: We can't just leave them.
ACE: I'm going to find Mira and Dan.
MARUCHO: Hey...Wait up. I'll go with you.
SHUN: Fine then.
BARON: Huh?
SHUN: Catch up with you later.
BARON: Uhhh... Umm... Shun!
Hang on, I coming with you!
ACE: Let's go, Marucho.
MARUCHO: Right behind you!
GUARD A: You two! Halt!
DAN: Pick it up!
DAN/MIRA: [running, exertion]
MIRA: Dan, quick. This way.
GUARD A: Where did they go?
GUARD B: They must've gone this way. Hurry!
MIRA: Looks like the coast is clear.
DAN: Man that was close.
ZENOHELD: Did you not hear the alarms?
MYLENE: Your highness?
ZENOHELD: Why are you all standing around?
PRINCE HYDRON: Why waste energy?
Father, there's no point running around after the
Battle Brawlers when your guards are on the case.
ZENOHELD: Hmmmm.
ZENOHELD: I'm glad you're so confident that things
are under control Hydron.
Otherwise I might think that you were getting lazy.
PRINCE HYDRON: What's wrong father?
Nervous your guards aren't up to the task?
SHADOW PROVE: Look at them go.
Like rats in a maze.
LYNC: This is taking too long.
Why haven't they been caught?
PRINCE HYDRON: If you're so impatient, why don't
you run along and do the job yourself, instead of
sitting here and complaining?
SHADOW PROVE: Sure. I could handle a little
Brawler stomping action right about now.
PRINCE HYDRON: So quit talking and start doing.
Are you happy now, father?
PRINCE HYDRON: Run along now, Shadow Prove.
You've got our orders.
SHADOW PROVE: Hah!
You sure talk tough when you're in front of an
audience...You coming Lync?
LYNC: You bet!
MYLENE: I'm here if you need me, your highness.
ZENOHELD: I don't want any mistakes, Hydron.
PRINCE HYDRON: Oh just Relax.
Even for those two imbeciles this will be a
piece of cake.
PRINCE HYDRON: [chuckle] Got it.
PROF CLAY: Immediately... Increase Power!
MIRA/DAN: [running, exertion]
MIRA: I think we lost them, finally.
DAN: Okay. Time to get back to the business of destroying
the BT System.
DAN: Whoooooaaaa!
DAN: Oh man. Are you kidding me? !
MIRA: Dan!
MIRA: This way! [running, exertion]
DAN: Hey. Since when does she lead the charge?
[running, exertion]
[\u266a]
SHUN: What is this?
BARON: This looks like some kind of Battle Arena.
VOLT: How right you are, Brawler.
VOLT: Looks like you guys took a wrong turn.
MYLENE: Now cooperate and hand over the Ventus Energy.
ACE/MARUCHO: [running, exertion]
ACE: I've had it with this place!
MARUCHO: Hello! Dan! Mira! Can you hear us? !
SHADOW PROVE: Yeah, I can hear you!
SHADOW PROVE: Woooohoooooo!
SHADOW PROVE: Guess my Mira impersonation needs some work.
[laughter]
LYNC: [grunt]
LYNC: Sorry. Guess this is the end of the line for you two.
ACE: Out of our way, Vexos.
SHADOW PROVE: [licks lips] [raspberry]
Oh Yeah!? Or else what, tough guy?
ACE: You'll see.
VOLT/MYLENE/SHUN/BARON: Gauntlet, Power Strike!
[\u266a]
MYLENE: Gate Card...set!
MYLENE: Bakugan...Brawl!
SHUN: Come on...Ventus Master Ingram!
Bakugan Brawl!
VOLT: Go, Haos Boriates!
BARON: We have to protect the Ventus Energy, Nemus.
Bakugan Brawl!
VOLT/MYLENE/SHUN/BARON: Bakugan stand!
[\u266a]
SHUN: Bakugan...Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan Stand!
SHUN: Ventus Shadow Wing, rise!
INGRAM: Haaaaaahhhh!
INGRAM: Huuuaahhhh!
LYNC/SHADOW PROVE/MARUCHO/ACE: Gauntlet, Power Strike!
SHADOW PROVE: Gate Card...set!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: Bakugan...Brawl!
ACE: Bring it Percival...Bakugan Brawl!
LYNC: Let's go, Ventus Aluze!
MARUCHO: Alright Elfin...Our turn...Bakugan Brawl!
LYNC/SHADOW PROVE/ACE/MARUCHO: Bakugan Stand!
ELFIN: Here once again to brighten your day with
sweetness and light.
Back for a repeat performance here at the
Mother Palace.
Ladies and gentlemen put your hands together for
Aquos Minx Elfin!
ELFIN: Silly me, I came dressed in the wrong attribute.
Oh well, nothing a little quick change won't fix.
Excuse me while I step through this circle of
light and slip into something a little more Ventus!
ELFIN: I forgot how much I rock the Ventus look!
ELFIN: Alright Aluze, let's brawl!
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: And so it has begun...
They have no idea what they're in store for.
[\u266a]
ACE: Time to bring the pain, Percival!
SHUN: Protect the attribute energy at all cost!
Bakugan Brawl!
VOLT: Time for a rematch, Shun!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
VOLT: Ability, activate!
VOLT: Prometheus Cannon!
[\u266a]
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Twin Fangs, Great Divine Wing!
[\u266a]
VOLT: [growl]
INGRAM: [wind up roar]
INGRAM: Haaaaaaaahhhhh!
BARON: Nice one!
SHUN: Oh Man! Ingram's power level just went way down!
BARON: Ah Yeah...and it looks like their power
level is rising instead.
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: [chuckles]
LYNC: Ability activate!
LYNC: Dora Cannon!
ELFIN: Eeeeek! Ouch! Watch it! Hey!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Sky Hearty!
ELFIN: This is where I break out my Ventus moves.
[giggle]
Don't worry, I haven't gotten too rusty!
ELFIN: SHADOW PROVE: Ability activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Spider Net!
[\u266a]
PERCIVAL: [grunt]
ACE: Percival!
ACE: Ability activate!
ACE: Dain Sleif!
[\u266a]
ACE: Fusion Ability, activate! Death Karbia!
PERCIVAL: Hmmmmpppphhhh!
PERCIVAL: Haaaaahhhhh!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: That's the way to do it, guys!
Ability activate!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Wing Harrier!
ELFIN: Oh yeah, this'll do the trick!
ELFIN: Come and get it, suckers!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: We really nailed them that time.
ACE: How'd ya like that?
[\u266a]
ACE: What the...?!
MARUCHO: Huh? Elfin and Percival's power levels went
back to their base levels again!
ELFIN: [exhaustion] What gives?
LYNC: [laughter] Ability activate!
LYNC: Mega Bind!
ELFIN: [grunt, pain]
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Elfin! You okay? !
PREYAS: Why didn't we win that one? We should have!
SHADOW PROVE: Yeaaaaah.
You wish you won.
Too bad for you....Ability activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
SHADOW PROVE: Blaster Needle!
PERCIVAL: [grunt, pain]
ACE: Percival!
What's going on around here?
GAUNTLET: Marucho and Ace life force 10%.
DAN: [grunt] Not again!
MIRA: Dan, over here!
DAN: Huh? !
MIRA: [grunt] Oh no!
MIRA: It's like someone is trying to herd us in that
direction, over there!
DAN: Looks like we don't have a choice at this point.
Just be on your toes okay, Drago buddy?
DRAGO: Don't worry. I'm ready.
MIRA: Hmmph. Okay, then. Let's go.
MIRA/DAN: [running, exertion]
MYLENE: Gate Card, open!
MYLENE: Phantasmorphic!
NEMUS: What's happening? !
INGRAM: [exertion, pain]
[\u266a]
BARON: Huh?! Nemus!
SHUN: [gasp] Ingram!
MYLENE: Command card Phantasm not only lowers
the opponents' power levels by 100, but it also
turns them into stone so they can't move.
Okay Volt, now!
VOLT: I'm really going to enjoy this, Shun...here it
comes...Fusion Ability, activate!
VOLT: Buster Megabarrel!
[\u266a]
INGRAM: Oh no! Shun!
[grunt, pain]
MYLENE: And onto the next...Ability Activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set!
MYLENE: Radiant Claw!
[\u266a]
NEMUS: [grunt, pain] Baron, I'm sorry!
BARON: Nemus!
GAUNTLET: Shun and Baron Life force 30% and 10%
BARON: How were those guys able to do all that stuff?
SHUN: I dunno...but we better find out quick.
SHUN: Gate Card, set!
MYLENE: Haven't you guys had enough by now?
VOLT/MYLENE/SHUN/BARON: Bakugan Brawl!
VOLT/MYLENE/SHUN/BARON: Bakugan Stand!
[\u266a]
SHUN: Ability Activate! Glimmering Shadow Slash!
BARON: Ability activate! Sparkly Arrow!
INGRAM: Huuuuuuaaaahhh! Haaaaaahhhhhh!
NEMUS: [rising roar]
[explosion]
NEMUS: [mighty roar]
[\u266a]
MYLENE: Big deal.
BARON: Huh?!
[\u266a]
SHUN: Whah?! Not again?!
BARON: Why do our power levels go down every time we attack?
PROFESSOR CLAY: [evil laugh]
MARUCHO: Gate Card, open! Silent Land!
MARUCHO: Command card, Silent Land stops the
movements of the opponent...
MARUCHO: ...and makes it impossible for them to
activate any abilities!
ACE: Yeah! This one's definitely in the bag!
LYNC: I wouldn't be too sure, Ace.
SHADOW PROVE: [cackle]
ACE: Ability activate!
ACE: Geor Gunner!
[\u266a]
PERCIVAL: [grunt]
It feels like all of the energy is being sucked from my body.
ELFIN: I know what you mean.
I've got nothing left either Percival.
ACE: I demand to know what's happening!
SHADOW PROVE: [laughter]
You mean you still don't know?
Boy, you guys are dumb.
LYNC: Do you guys even understand where you
are right now?
MARUCHO: Of course we do.
We're in the Mother Palace, of course.
ACE/MARUCHO: [gasp]
LYNC: Did you really think we wouldn't have a back up
plan, in case you guys came calling?
We fixed it so that as long as we're battling
inside the Mother Palace...
MYLENE: ... No matter how much an opponent tries to
decrease the power level of a Mechanical Bakugan,
its energy will refuel automatically...
MYLENE: ...and its power level will return to its
original base level.
MYLENE: If you try to increase the power level
of a living Bakugan, the Trap Field will absorb
that power and its power level will revert to its base level.
BARON: What? Are you serious?
SHUN: Then the field itself was a trap!
VOLT: The only thing that's going to decide the
battle in here are the Bakugan's original base power levels.
Which means...
MARUCHO: Our Bakugan's power levels aren't as
high as the Mechanical Bakugans'...
SHADOW PROVE: Yeah! That's right.
So there's no way you can win! Kick it, MAC Spider!
[\u266a]
LYNC: Aluze!
ELFIN: [scream, pain]
PERCIVAL: [pain, exertion]
ACE: Nooooooooo!
GAUNTLET: Ace and Marucho Life force, zero.
ACE: [grunt] Percival!
VOLT: I think it's time...for my finishing move...
Double ability, activate!
VOLT: Element Glow, Plus Volt Shooter!
[\u266a]
NEMUS: [scream, pain]
INGRAM: [scream, pain]
GAUNTLET: Shun and Baron Life force, zero.
MYLENE: Hmmph.
If you play with fire, you get burned, Brawlers.
Well, you were foolish to ever think that you could
take us in our own home.
[\u266a]
SHUN: You can't!
ZENOHELD: And then...there was one.
[\u266a]
BARON/SHUN: [running, exertion]
BARON: Man! Where did those guys disappear to?
INGRAM: Sorry, I failed to protect the attribute
energy that was entrusted to me by the Six Ancient Warriors.
NEMUS: Don't worry, Ingram. We're not finished yet.
We still have the Darkus and Pyrus energies.
BARON: Yeah, the BT System is still two powers away
from being fully functional.
And we'll have to keep it that way.
SHUN: Mmmmhmmm. Which is why we need to destroy the
BT System immediately.
ACE: Shun! Baron!
BARON: Hey guys. We've got some bad news.
MARUCHO: Unfortunately, so do we.
They took the Darkus Energy from us Baron.
ACE: I'm guessing by the look on your face they
took the Ventus Energy from you as well.
Am I right?
BARON: [gasp] That's terrible!
SHUN: That means the only one left is Drago's Pyrus energy...
MARUCHO: We've gotta find Dan and Mira now!
BARON: Yeah.
ACE: [gasp] Hmmm
DAN: Where the heck does this hall lead to, anyway?
MIRA: Dan! Look there!
DAN: Looks like a way out to me. C'mon!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: [laughter]
PRINCE HYDRON: Let me guess...
you saved the best for last.
MIRA: Hydron?
DAN: What d'you want? Tell us!
PRINCE HYDRON: Now that you ask, the Pyrus Energy
would be nice.
DAN: Forget it, creep.
PROFESSOR CLAY: [laughter]
PROFESSOR CLAY: Trap Field on standby!
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: This is the end!
SPECTRA: The end, huh?
PROFESSOR CLAY: Huh? !
SPECTRA: Sorry to startle you, Professor.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Spectra!
SPECTRA: Listen closely, I have a proposition for you.
SHUN: Dan! Where are you? !
MARUCHO: You can't battle the Mechanical Bakugan
inside the Palace!
ELFIN: You'll lose, just like we did!
ACE: Mira!
BARON: We're coming!
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: Since my re-birth as Spectra:, my sole
purpose has been to create the Ultimate Bakugan.
Zenoheld's BT System stands in the way of my
achieving this...So I'm must thwart his plans.
SPECTRA: In order to ensure that he doesn't get
the final attribute energy that's required to power
his machine, I will fight alongside Dan Kuso.
And in the process I'll also be able to avenge my
loyal friend Gus.
SPECTRA: Tune in and watch me beat the king.
SPECTRA: Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: The time has come, Helios.
[\u266a]